My dog also likes eating sausage.
My dog loves staying in home.
If the button is pressed, the LED turns on.
If AWRITE is asserted, the transaction ends.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
If I were a bird, I would fly to you.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox jumped over the cute dog.
The state has a responsibility to make sure there is at least an annual inspection.
The California Department of Education said it was sickened by the tragedy and was investigating what had occurred.
Casey throws the ball.
Casey will throws the ball.
His lecture was illustrated with slides taken during the expedition.
The incident illustrates the need for better security measures.
Doctors often work very long hours.
He is working on a new novel.
I've been working at my assignment all day.
I've always worked in education.
He is working on a new novel.
The committee is working to get the prisoners freed.
Play their new CD for me, please.
Play me their new CD, please.
The media played an important part in the last election.
He played the situation carefully for maximum advantage.
I wanted to talk to him but he was nowhere to be found.
I managed to find a solution to the problem.
Can you find a hotel for me?
Can you find me a hotel?
I'm having trouble finding anything new to say on this subject.
We've found a great new restaurant near the office.
You may find your illness hard to accept.
You may find it hard to accept your illness.
I find it amazing that they're still together.
She finds it a strain to meet new people.
Police discovered a large stash of drugs while searching the house.
We discovered this beach while we were sailing around the island.
It was a shock to discover that he couldn't read.
It was later discovered that the diaries were a fraud.
He was discovered hiding in a shed.
She was discovered dead at her home in Leeds.
The man was described as tall and dark, and aged about 20.
Jim was described by his colleagues as unusual.
He explained who each person in the photo was.
She explained to them what to do in an emergency.
The first lecture introduces students to the main topics of the course.
It was she who first introduced the pleasures of sailing to me.
You'll never guess what she told me.
You would never guess she had problems.
The case will be decided by a jury.
The Appeal Court decided in their favour.
A mixture of skill and good luck decided the outcome of the game.
A number of factors decide whether a movie will be successful or not.
